Add docs about `page_header.html` (#2808)
elastic/docs: README.asciidoc

This is the content for tab #2 goes.
// end::reg-config[]
----

> [[Page-headers]]
> == Page headers
> 
> Add a banner to every page within a book by creating a `page_header.html` file. This file must live in the root of the documentation directory (i.e. the book's `path` in `conf.yaml`) and is picked up by the doc build automatically. This file can include any valid HTML. An example can be seen https://github.com/elastic/apm-server/pull/6833/files[here].

Author: ```suggestion
[[global-banners]]
== Global banners

Add a banner to every page within a book by creating a `page_header.html` file. This file must live in the root of the documentation directory (i.e. the book's `path` in `conf.yaml`) and is picked up by the doc build automatically. This file can include any valid HTML. An example can be seen https://github.com/elastic/apm-server/pull/6833/files[here].
```
